docs(secretstores): Add docs for creating (#15360)
influxdata/telegraf: docs/SECRETSTORES.md

# Secret Store Plugins

This section is for developers who want to create a new secret store plugin.

## Secret Store Plugin Guidelines

* A secret store must conform to the [telegraf.SecretStore][] interface.

> * Processors should call `processors.Add` in their `init` function to register

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Secret-stores should call `secretstores.Add` in their `init` function to register
```
